Again, another son and another daughter listen to me. See this form, this body, our body, see our
body as a reflection moon in the waters.
So form is a reflection of the water. So that means not too much grasping, clinging.
This is illusion bodice. This is not just only Dzogchen teaching. Even in the Vaniya teaching, Vani
ya teaching said, Buddha said,
"Poem is like a water bubble. Is it like a water bubble? Is it a reflection moon in the waters?"
Water. See that. So that means therefore, if you say it in a kind of higher level, is lucid. Lucid
bodice is not solid form.
It's massive. All the different atoms and different particles of yoga together inform this body.
So it's like a reflection, even though a bird, a bird, a reality, is not something that truly
exists in solid things.
And also when we heard that too, form is in permanent. Of course, there is truth in permanent.
Gross in permanent and subtle in permanent. We're not talking that it's not gross in permanent.
Subtle in permanent. Body is shifting every second. Our body is malachous, atoms, particles.
Whatever you put, it really does only change. Every second, even if we don't, we didn't detect it.
This is not just our body, but this universal world, what forms what we see. It's every second that
that is the closest to our deepest we can detect it.
Further deeper that is shifting. Further that is empty, open space.
That open space is within this body. Therefore, this great bastard, when they had the realization,
and say, "I'm going to play my ensemble." Burn in the fire, nothing happened. Throw in the water,
nothing happened.
Push down on the underground, nothing happened. Because they got realization or they can see it.
Everything is displayed of light as a lucid state. So emptiness cannot hurt to the emptiness.
It's all in the same state. Therefore, those great masters go through walls, sitting on the sky,
transforming different elements for different elements, each other, own them.
There's no solid structure, reality level. And we understand that this is the most of those physics
, science physics, quantum physics.
They're just governance of things. That's just governance. That's the reality, the nature of this.
This is not just making up the stories. This is not just a belief. It is about it.
Then there's also, and that is also we joined, almost every human it is. Yeah, we joined every
human.
There's 21 words that introduce the nature of the mind or the nature of 3 Gaya by Gaurav and some
of us.
We joined. All the poems are what? All this what we see through the eye is.
And all the poems outside, inside. And whatever you say, all this, even though you see this effort,
a period is not solid. It's clear, void, emptiness, emptiness.
But that is what we're working on. The one with 25 disciples, one of nine students.
And that is here, we have that. You all know, we all know that we joined so many.
All these poems that appears to the eye, that see, all things on the outside, inside, the
environment, inhabited,
appeared, but let them rest with no salt is formed. No salt is formed.
Perceived and perceived, we put it by our body of the deity, clay, emptiness.
That's clay, emptiness status. So it's like reflection in the waters.
And similarly, then there's a market. And all the speech, song, is like echoes.
All the songs, speeches, also it's like echoes.
That means, even though a period says something, but there's no substantial, again, solid existence
.
That's why we can hear, we can detect. If it's solid existence, we can't hear, we can't detect.
According to that teaching, you cannot think. But we can hear that they're empty, echoing.
It's echoing that empty void to empty our senses. And it's said by the empty mind.
Mind, there's no solid. It's all disability. Therefore, this is like echoes.
So, therefore, all, and then all what we see in our conserving pose,
even though this is a period in our mental status, there's nothing we can detect.
And that you can see, our own pose and concern comes. It's coming one after another.
But where they are? There, there's nothing really we can see.
And we don't follow that. After we follow that, of course, then something continues.
But reality, nothing changes. It's all empty. It will be followed.
So, the form is an s-merati or the reflection of only the water.
Speech is like echoes, echoes of the emptiness, and mind is the emptiness of the air.
They're all the conserving pose.
Therefore, you should see these following ways.
Those are the famous statements in the Gregorian Teacher Buddha's teachings called ten examples of
the illusions.
Ten examples of illusions are listed here.
Of course, you have the book. You have the pose. It's the same thing.
Pose is merati. Second is the dreams.
Third is the reflection, reflections or reflection form in the mirrors.
Our image in the mirrors.
And then next one is the reflection in the moon and the water.
Fourth one is the city of the Gandhara, I said.
That is in teaching you that terminology.
But when we are hallucinated by the drops, you see things.
You see, see, see.
For example, when you take the daturas.
We already used that example.
Datura, then you see things on the space.
Space and the city is all different forms.
Imagine those are called city of the Gandharas.
It's like city.
Like city, you can see.
But reality is just illusions.
And then muyor.
Muyor is the optical illusions.
Optical illusions due to the maybe disease or whatever.
And then emanations.
Emanations maybe you don't see often.
But according to teaching for example, emanation of the Buddhas
or emanation of those invisible beings.
It appeared in the right in front of you, maybe some.
Those some certain public can see those things.
Said and the reality, they are separate.
Also there is no poems.
So those are emanations.
And then water bubbles.
And then echoes.
Those all are as ten called ten examatories of the illusions
that great teacher, Buddha told.
And only out of all these poems and songs
everything is a similar thing.
They are not really different reality.
All the same thing.
So, so.
So they are here.
For this reason, great master, master.
Therefore, take care or take all that easy as without grasping, clinging.
And take that what that means.
All the poems and all the songs and all the minds, constructions.
That is, there is so many things in the world.
So many things.
But in the teaching instead you can summarize it into three.
Three, those are the poems, songs and the space of the mind.
That summarize all everything.
And so when we are engaging, when we are involved in that,
not grasping, not clinging.
And that is also just more instructions in the post meditation too.
But you need the meditation too.
But even the conceptual thoughts, the arises.
Not holding, grasping or anything.
It is all a matter of emptiness.
All the echoes.
And the reflection moon in the waters.
And then he said, and carry the conduct like this.
That way.
Without grasping.
And then the practice, of course, the zuki meditation is so special and wonderful.
Wonderful, very good.
Not just hearing times, reading books.
It is a feeling for the intellectual for one time.
But true realization, the result comes by practices.
Practice.
So he said, practicing day and the night.
And those who have that.
Day and the night.
How?
With practice that day and the night.
With joy.
With the appreciations.
With the creative ones.
With the devotions.
Devotions.
Really.
Settle down to the ground.
Not lingering consumption.
At times in different relations.
This and that things.
Have to settle down.
And that's why in the teaching what Karabdol is the second word.
Particle in a bit.
Decising.
Resolution.
Making one resolution to the one point.
One point resolution to the one single point.
That means this realization of the river.
Zuki meditation.
Incompassed everything.
All the Buddha teachings.
All the practices.
All the Vadiyana teachings.
And suttara teachings.
Mahayana suttara teachings.
All the Panditian suttara teachings.
All really combined.
We didn't need to look.
So there.
In it a bit.
One resolution.
Have confidence.
Now you see.
This is the what you need.
And then.
That resolution is not enough.
Now you have to carry on that.
Not let that go down to the ditch.
Ditch.
If that happen.
Then we not going to follow.
What we like to follow.
So keep continuing.
Here.
Great Martha say I'm sure you have books.
Whenever you have a book that you need.
See the day and the night.
That's what the shaka chora himself.
Meditate day and the night.
No kimba day and the night.
I mean no kimba day.
All high capability practices.
High capability beings.
No kimba practice day and the night.
And malarepa.
Practice day and night.
And when Yahu Muhammulchih.
Great Martha Muhammulchih.
Always practice.
Really always separate.
All these books what he wrote.
All those.
A rising knowledge.
It's not just man researches and all these different books.
And trying to collect and copy them.
All that he wrote.
Those books.
And then many people say that.
His kimba day here will say chui and as well as her chui.
When Muhammulchih write those books.
Not just writing whole things.
On the beach were the sessions of his practices.
He write down.
And then just completely write.
And then wherever he stops.
And then he leave that.
Until next day.
And then he bring that back and continue writing.
That's what I really did.
So Muhammulchih was a practice.
All those great masters.
What we call now great masters.
Not at the beginning of their great masters.
Their practice.
Their great practice.
Their courage.
Their commitment.
Their devotions.
To dharma.
And compassion.
To all beings.
All bodies.
All beings.
Is just in measure.
In enormous.
Really.
So powerful.
That's why that back.
They become great masters.
This being great master is not just reserved by the certain peoples.
We all have that potential.
We all have that opportunity.
No one is occupied that opportunity.
No one is a kind of grab that and talk away from us.
And we really put that.
What we need.
Joy.
Appreciation.
Devotions.
And joy forever.
To the dharma.
Then we can.
So he said continue with that.